MOSAIC
----------

Author
------
Nimit Singhania  
University of Pennsylvania

What is it?
-----------
This is a tool to learn piecewise affine models from input-output data.
It is written in MATLAB. 
Technical details of the tool can be found in the following paper:
- R. Alur, N. Singhania, Precise Piecewise Affine Models from Input-Output Data, EMSOFT'14

Running
-------
Run start.m in MATLAB inorder to add all required files in your current path.

Run example/runExample.m to generate and plot the model for a simple example used in EMSOFT'14 paper.  

Run mosaic-example/testMosaic.m and then mosaic-example/plotMosaic.m for a FUN experiment! 

Run qualtiy-tests/runQualityTests.m to generate synthetic data and evaluate performance of tool on this data.
Run quality-tests/plotN.m and quality-tests/plotSize.m to generate plots from the collected statistics. 

Run real-data-tests/driveFerrari.m to evaluate the tool on real-data.


Usage
-----
See code/genPiecewiseAffineModel.m to understand details of the model generated by the tool. 
See example/runExample.m, quality-tests/learnModel.m and quality-tests/testModel.m to understand how to learn model and test the model using algorithm presented in the paper. 

Organization
------------
- benchmarks :- Benchmarks used for evaluating the tool in the paper. 
  - functions :- 4 piecewise linear functions and 3 smooth non-linear functions used to create synthetic data.
  - pick-and-place-data :- Data from an experimental study by Juloski et. al. 

- code :- Implementation of algorithm described in the paper. 
  - analysis tools :- It consists of some tools to analyze the learnt models.

- example :- Code to run tool on a simple example used in EMSOFT'14 paper.  

- mosaic-example :- Code to have fun with the tool!

- quality-tests :- Code to generate synthetic data from 4 piecewise linear functions and 3 smooth non-linear functions and evaluate the performance of the tool.

- real-data-tests :- Code to evaluate the tool using pick-and-place-data

- stats :- Stores all the statistics generated for synthetic and real data. Used for plotting.

- plots :- Stores all the graphs generated using the collected statistics


Licensing
---------
Please see the file called LICENSE.

Contacts
--------
Please contact Nimit Singhania (nimits@seas.upenn.edu) for any queries or comments.
Please report any bugs at https://github.com/nimit-singhania/mosaic/issues.
